Aim:-
This is a exercise based on implementation of Linear Regression from 
scratch on Octave 4.04.

Getting Started:-
1.Download Octave;
Easily fetched from net for any OS.

2.Building Project:-
This can easily be done just by a git clone command.

3.Running on your PC:-
Just skim to your directory where it is git cloned through a 
'cd' command via Octave.

File included:-

1.weather_data.txt
2.weather_predict.m 
3.grad_des.m 
4.Cost.m
5.feature_normalize.m

Short Description:-

1.weather_data:- It is a text document that contains the dataset of 
                 temperatures on different days.
                 The dataset contains maximum,minimum temperature,precipitation of a particular
                 day.
                 Consists of 3 features as input and one output. This is a multivariate Linear
                 Regression consisting of 367 training data examples after which a model can 
                 be tested to a great level of accuracy.

2.weather_predict.m :- To understand more better, it is just like a main() 
                 function in  C which calls other functions for their execution.
                 This is the structure of the project where each and every function,variable, 
                 loading of dataset is predefined.

3.grad_des.m :-  This is one of the core function behind Linear Regression 
                 Model that decides various theta(variable used) values appropriately.

4.Cost.m :-      This is a Cost function which is the sum total of mean-square 
                 error between predicted and actual value of the model.

5.feature_normalize.m :- In this function, the input features are 
                 normalized and feature-scaling is applied.
                 
                 
Approach to Final Results:-
1.Structure:-
             To comprehend my code, I designed a specific strucure,i.e. thought which functions will I 
             need to create and fill it to reach at an outcome.

2.Code:-
            Begin to complete my structure.

3.Debugging:-
            This was one of the most time-consuming but a part which make you 
            learn a lot.
            Discovering various types of errors,finding out typos,printing the values 
            so as to be familiar with dimensions of variables used, just a dream come true after 
            searching those and editing it.

4.Run:- The pleasure to the accuracy you get after succesfully compiling and running
        the codes.
        This is what I say "End In Style". 
                 
                 

